Refactor Snark Worker related metrics generation (#17686)
MinaProtocol/mina: changes/17686.md

> `mina client status` and GraphQL queries will now report SNARK worker zkApp/non-zkApp transition time seperately. For graphQL, the name of those field are now `snarkWorkerZkappTransitionTime` and `snarkWorkerNonzkappTransitionTime`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraphQL query `daemonStatus` will now report SNARK worker zkApp/non-zkApp transition time separately. Previous field `snarkWorkerTransitionTime` was replaced with fields `snarkWorkerZkappTransitionTime` and `snarkWorkerNonzkappTransitionTime`.
Similarly, output of `mina client status --performance` will display these two metrics separately.
```
